# bike_sharing_analysis_using_decision_tree
Use a decision tree model to predict the future bike sharing demand
#PERFORM AND EXPLAIN YOUR EXPLORATORY ANALYSIS IN THIS SECTION

# Dataset explain:

# 1.This dataset is from Kaggle, and it is about a bike sharing system.

# 2.Bike sharing system is new kind of traffic tool today. Its whole process contains membership, rental and return.
# A user registeres a membership, rents a bike in a bike location near his/her depature place and return the bike on
# a bike location near to his/her destination. All those are finished automaticly. As well, if you didn't register in
# advance, you still can use the bike.

# 3.I choose this dataset because it is animportant role in traffic, environmental and health issues. Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being
# generated by these systems make them attractive for the research. Opposed to other transport services such as bus or
# subway, the duration of travel, departure and arrival position is explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature
# turns bike sharing system into a virtual sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it
# is expected that most of important events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data. Also, this dataset contains both numeric and categorial data, which is good for me to build machine learning models.

# 4.This datafram contains 17379 instances and 17 columns. The meanings of the columns are following:

# (1)'instant' : record index

# (2)'dteday' : date

# (3)'season' : 1:winter, 2:spring, 3:summer, 4:fall

# (4)'yr': year (0: 2011, 1: 2012)

# (5)'mnth': month (1 to 12)

# (6)'hr': hour (0 to 23)

# (7)'holiday' :  weather day is holiday or not

# (8)'weekday':  day of the week

# (9)'workingday': if day is neither weekend nor holiday is 1, otherwise is 0

# (10)'weathersit': 1: Clear, Few clouds, Partly cloudy, Partly cloudy
# 		- 2: Mist + Cloudy, Mist + Broken clouds, Mist + Few clouds, Mist
# 		- 3: Light Snow, Light Rain + Thunderstorm + Scattered clouds, Light Rain + Scattered clouds
# 		- 4: Heavy Rain + Ice Pallets + Thunderstorm + Mist, Snow + Fog

# (11)'temp': Normalized temperature in Celsius. The values are derived via (t-t_min)/(t_max-t_min), t_min=-8, t_max=+39 (only in hourly scale)

# (12)'atemp': Normalized feeling temperature in Celsius. The values are derived via (t-t_min)/(t_max-t_min), t_min=-16, t_max=+50 (only in hourly scale)

# (13)'hum': Normalized humidity. The values are divided to 100 (max)

# (14)'windspeed': Normalized wind speed. The values are divided to 67 (max)

# (15)'casual': count of casual users

# (16)'registered': count of registered users

# (17)'cnt' : count of total rental bikes including both casual and registered

